	Who and what I am right now is the product of different learnings from the past, and present as well.

	I believe that I will not become the person I am right now without the learnings I have gathered from my experiences. Likewise, I will not become the purposeful person that I am designed to be in the future if I will not acquire learning. I have realized after taking the first session that I will not be alive right now, I will not be able to write this insight, or I will not be able to use properly a pen or a gadget if in the first place I haven’t learned them. Everything that I am able to do right now is the result of learning. All these transportation, scientific experiments, culture and practices that are already part of our daily lives right now are already outcomes of learning.

	This subject troubleshooting helps me a lot to become a responsible individual in every aspect of life. Troubleshooting basic computer parts is one of the training to enhance our skills and knowledge about computer. Troubleshooting subject also teaches me that not all parts are needed to be fixed, sometimes you have to let it to be broken for the sake of your safety and for others. 

	My experience in troubleshooting is quite fun because I learned lot of things in handling and taking good care of the parts of the computer. Some parts are confusing because as far as we know it is broken, but when we try to look at it, it is perfectly fine.

	Troubleshooting helps me also to have self-confidence and knows how to communicate with others.

	I learned in troubleshooting how important friendship is. Friendship is indeed a help in our course, because when you’re feeling down and don’t know what to do, I know somebody out there with my friends will help me. 
	
	Learning is something you put in your heart and not in your mind, because the mind gets easily forgot, but the heart won’t.

	Looking back to all those years, the dreams that we’re believing, we know that life is so tough and roads are rough and we feel like giving up. But now we’re proudly standing here pursuing what we’re dreaming, we know that one day all our  tears will be wiped away and we will rejoice in victory.

	Studying in college is helps me gain courage in myself and above all faith in God. I cannot come this far if not because of HIM. My experience in college is like a roller coaster, sometimes you’re up, and definitely lot of downs.
 
	But that downs help me to strive more. I know in my mind and my heart that I gained a lot of learnings that forever I will cherish and used it for the right. I know that knowledge is the greatest treasure. It is the only treasure you have that no one can steal.

	I also learned in this subject that you I don’t need to be pressured because, I know that all things will fall on its own place. It will come to you at the right time. Studying in college is not a race. The most important is that you gained learnings from your course and you will apply it on the real life.

	About the teaching method, I don’t have any violent reactions because you let us discover and learn as well in what we are doing. You let us find answers in our own questions, why the parts is not functioning or functioning. You help us to become an independent, and become a true person as well. You let us believe that we can do all things if we believe in ourselves. Believing in ourselves will help us grow and become a useful citizen in the community. 

	I know sir, that I have lapses. I am not perfect. Human as I am, I am flawed. But one thing I can assure is that I have the eagerness and the heart to acknowledge my mistakes, learn from my lesson, and be better. Through that, I could contribute to the welfare of your subject.

	When I was a child, I chose whom will I accept advice and criticism. If my mother or father corrects my mistakes, it is acceptable since I saw my parents as my source of wisdom. But it is a totally different story id a stranger or somebody unimportant will correct me. I do not accept such corrections, because I always end up questioning their motive and integrity. This reminds me that I need to listen to everybody because everyone has lived his/her life and has leaned valuable lessons.

	I believe that listening to your advice and criticism will help us correct our mistakes and learn from it. You have shared valuable lessons and as well learning from your stories. Listening to your stories will enrich our taste of how beautiful life is.
 
	You also teaches us that life is beautiful and unique if viewed by different minds. It is up to us how we will make our own destiny, because I know in the right place that I gained lot of learnings, not just in academic but also in life.

	And I almost forgot, I quite enjoy the ALIBATA or BAYBAYIN part, because it made us think and recall our knowledge in reading ALIBATA, which is my favourite part.

	Actually it’s really hard to write 1000 words sir, but for me, as long as I gained a lot from your subject, 1000 words cannot repay at all. Thank you for the learnings you have shared to us, we will use this not just in our personal attentions but also for the society.
	
	Without us even realizing it, learning is an essential part of our lives. We cannot live without it. Survivability is impossible without learning.

	“Learning is the heartbeat of the society” as J. Delors pointed out, it is indeed the respiratory system of the civilization. As long as we’re alive, we learn.  
